compose, edit, print.runmailcap, see: convert to alias; run-mailcap: refresh page (#21991)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/run-mailcap.md

# run-mailcap

> Execute programs via entries in the mailcap file.
> More information: <https://manned.org/run-mailcap>.

> - Compose any existing file or new on default mailcap edit tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compose any existing file or new on default `mailcap` edit tool:
```

> `run-mailcap --action=compose {{filename}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`run-mailcap --action=compose {{path/to/file}}`
```

> - View any file on default mailcap explorer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View any file on default `mailcap` explorer:
```

> `run-mailcap --action=edit {{filename}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`run-mailcap --action=edit {{path/to/file}}`
```

> - Print any file on default run-mailcap tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print a file using the default `mailcap` print tool:
```

> `run-mailcap --action=print {{filename}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`run-mailcap --action=print {{path/to/file}}`
```

> - View any file (usually image) on default mailcap explorer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View any file (usually image) on default `mailcap` explorer:
```

> `run-mailcap --action=view {{filename}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`run-mailcap --action=view {{path/to/file}}`
```
